before again let me start by saying Oh
Disney you got it right this time
showing the little children how life
really is full of death then right and
death with just a little bit of hope at
the end to prevent emotional scarring
and keep them from wetting the bed
the stars of our movie today
ah mr. bean mr. Broadway has to go
tinkle
Oda Mae brown Benson Cheech
ferrisbueller
and Darth Vader played Oscar begins with
some ballin music and beautiful chanting
and singing which feels much too
beautiful for some silly little cartoon
and makes the girls watching cry like
little babies and indicates that then
that they about to see some serious and
all the little animals from all around
the land gather here today to get
through this thing called life you know
like when Duchess Catherine Duchess
Megan have a baby and all the vultures
gather around the hospital except these
animals ain't got no cameras but they is
royalty coming into the world and all
these knows I just want to see him even
those little prints maybe but ugly but
not just one because does that make
believe the end of the King's advisor
and doctor stage right because you know
this Hamlet look at the little
unsuspecting putted cab
it's all well and good and happy until
somebody killed yo daddy and they dangle
him over the crowd like his name Prince
Jackson and everybody pretend they ain't
bitter and jealous of the Royals and
weren't secretly hoping the baby look
like Quasimodo dome already violence and
uncle Scott chatted up with the Rhoden
about how he's just a straggler alleycat
unworthy of any thrown the ain't
porcelain because he's a pieces he just
apisa then into the big eyed bird with a
British accent to roll out the red
carpet for HRH Mufasa and damn if the
pieces don't try to eat him too you know
Skye he tastes better if you plucked him
first batted him up and served them with
some taters and slaw have yourself some
K period F period C period and Mufasa
like spit out the bird bit and tell me
why else crony T show up today to see my
baby a little I Steve Buscemi
let's copy like oh I forgot please
excuse me if I don't want to bow down to
yo lil squirt and Mufasa like squirts
I don't fertilize the whole fam family
and Scott just walk off like okay
you ain't gotta prove your manliness to
me damn okay I'll go in jail and then it
rains and I cry little and you think
this why is one of the blue bootie about
the BAP to has some little kitten again
but no he's just noodling don't be acted
like you didn't know this spiritual man
don't have him a second job doing Street
out on the down-low pinned up rich kid
wakes up on his dad to take him to see
his inheritance and this is why I never
having children I am NOT interested in
waking up at that crack of dawn to show
my son our fine collection of five guys
by the Funko pop dolls which I will
bequeath to him about my past and Mufasa
says looks cymbal this house yes I know
there's nothing to do but walk around
all day acting like you own the damn
planet but at least we ain't old
abandoned all the Costas was me kickin
the spit out some other less handsome
line to take over his harem and then
someday if you want it you won't have to
wait until you big enough to scrap and
pry my land and ladies from my cold dead
pause are you gonna just have to hope I
bought the big baboon bud and cymbals
like to pick that boom boy and we was
like yeah that's lion slang for dying
but Jade likes alliteration and symbols
like what about that place that looks
like some where the Sun don't shine
Mufasa says that's the crack in the big
baboon but you must never go there
simple and then they have a little
giggle about our Kings always be getting
they way and then they strut around like
royalty then they get some news from the
big eyed British bird and Mufasa runs
off to tend to his kingly affairs while
his child goes unsupervised and visits
the bad guy where the bad guy talks the
ignorant child into doing the damn deed
his daddy done told him not to do so
Simba runs home to get his future wife
/system because I have already explained
to you Mufasa gets all the cats - cats
but not without supervision so they
create mayhem while symbol sings how he
just can't wait for his daddy to be dead
until the damn bird gets at home and
Nala kicks cymbals twice and in the
great crack of the big baboon but three
Highness introduce themselves before
trying to hunt themselves down some
Kitty kibble and there's a long chain
skip and Mufasa busts up and they're
scared and doggy Doo out them bits and
don't be up in my comments talking about
hyenas ain't goes because if you do I'm
gonna just look at you like this
on the way home hoof also give symbol a
little fatherly talk about bravery
responsibility and how we're all
stefan's and this seam right here
demonstrate for all the little hopeful
young ones just how easy it is for a
psychotic power-hungry dictator wannabe
and his bloodthirsty carnivorous minions
to take over your crib for term or two
you know they must be tiny this comment
if you like Prince Puss into standing on
a rock in the middle of the Grand Canyon
that's in Africa where he is to be
trampled by hyena provoked wildebeests
until he is dead dead dead or until
Scout brings Mufasa to save his dumb
because you know kids always be doing
dumb [ __ ] and respecting their parents
and safer behind I know I need to shave
and don't face me to joke here because
murders ain't funny dummy good times
noodle salad and let me speed up a
little bit because I can tell by the
length of this here script that this
video is gonna be too damn long after
all attention spans are shorter than
they used to be so Scott tell somebody
don't disgrace the whole fam family he
tells the hyenas to have themselves a
little Dindin on him Vince never jumps
into pokey bit more them damn dogs falls
in after him then the damn dog comes out
with some pokies in his patootie scar on
his abominable administration take over
and drain the place of beauty and hope
enough roots arrived his garden her
figure has symbolized a no but he's
gonna wish he was dead when he learns he
gonna had to spend his days with a
know-it-all rat and a [ __ ] pig Hakuna
Matata yadda yadda never get some fartin
kickback story apparently worms make you
gassy this symbol swallows his slime is
sex baby symbol utilizes magic bug-gut
protein to become sexy beast it's just
another gonna be happy to see this look
at this cats and dogs living together
mass hysteria and simmer misses his
daddy and I cried a little and Rafiki
know him some symbol stank and you think
this wise one of the blue bootie about
to baptize some little kitten again but
no he just got the bunches don't be
acting like you didn't know this
spiritual man don't have him a little
puff of some Seban a grasp on
um you know the original title of up in
smoke was Chichen Rafiki then Allah
finds the 31 Jesus look at him like Oh a
little pig maybe I have myself a hamlet
sandwich then Allah kicks Simba's
thrives then they happy to see each
other then the rat has a nervous
breakdown
and they find out Simmons the King this
introduces his principles and booty
didn't they have a little lover's
quarrel then somebody else is Paul no I
mean his Paul he was peppered his daddy
now his Tutsis never figure show up
trolling like I know who you are you
Luke Skywalker by then he chased the
wise one of the blue buttocks who takes
Simba to meet his top five daddy of dust
and all I can think is how stupid this
Seema's look in live-action quote
unquote what this of a fine sky who
kisses mama
oh no B you don't quit a man's mama and
just a simple about to go out in a blaze
of glory
boring bad god monologue blabbity blah
blah only thrown out more there is a can
that holds bowel movements blah blah
blabbity blah and now I'm gonna let you
know before you die IQ joke daddy
because it ain't fun doing dirty deeds
unless you give a cat some credit and
symbols like well that's like a my head
yeah thanks for chatting
then they fight and Rafiki pulls of
Bruce Lee ki listen bucko knows the
scared of cat and sober like Scott get
to come on out of here and take with you
your tiny hot wieners get it turning hot
wieners then they fight again but simple
kicks is very kitty fed into the dogs
who ain't too happy about Scarlett and
Simba talk smack about their missing
manlihood and then he get eight and
don't talk to me about sequels because
as far as I'm concerned Oh Scott my
story ends here then it rains and I cry
a little and the simple gives old wise
one of the blue behind a big embrace oh
no no no I'm just laying is where he
realize it still oh no no no I'm just
playing for real this time no really
this was where's was it raw and all the
nosy neighbors coming hopes that Simba
and ullas maybe look like Gary Busey but
is little bit cute too because this is
make-believe die and don't be sure to
LIKE share and subscribe for your
regular roar of myth and now a little
ditty about some special patrons david d
JK
whiskey Gabriella see David M
Oh Anne I am Melanie M John why Justin
be David see Donna G dizzy Brandon CT
Michelle w PT FJ Razdan w Caro
s Kelly s and Grady oh no she around is
fast my dad's home
so how about over to patreon and give me
some names to ask so I can finish my yet
you can expect me upload more videos on
hashtag meh Friday except when they own
hashtag MEF Tuesday which don't really
have the same ring to it says unlike
tacos myth don't start with a tea for
more is explained for I'm Jeb Oh die
don't